README.md: Improve `virtme-ng.conf` example (#278)
arighi/virtme-ng: README.md

> inside a build chroot called `chroot:lunar-amd64`). To do so, modify the
> `default_opts` sections in `~/.config/virtme-ng/virtme-ng.conf` as following:

Reviewer: Here, the instruction suggests to "_modify the `default_opts` sections_". With that, the example was making sense.

But I don't think such file is automatically created. Then, what about:

```suggestion
inside a build chroot called `chroot:lunar-amd64`). To do so, add the
`default_opts` section in `~/.config/virtme-ng/virtme-ng.conf` as following:
```

(Not sure if, while at it, we should mention that this file can be installed in `/etc/`)

Author: We could also ship a `virtme-ng.conf.sample` file and mention this file.

Reviewer: > We could also ship a `virtme-ng.conf.sample` file and refer to this file.

Is there not already one in `cfg/virtme-ng.conf`?

Author: Hmm, right. I still think it makes sense to list the full config instead of just parts of it... because a lot of people will just copy and modify it right away.
